oh yeah
launch all missiles immediately target
that metrics
time to ship out by
get us out of here I am trying the
engines have overheated or not working
Oh
unless they're made that Hedgehog
why a letter exit at Eggman he didn't
stand a chance take a look
what's wrong I know that but now
Rex attacked me in my car
god no we'll stop that Ned X but chance
that thing was too powerful for even
shadow to defeat whoa it must be strong
I think we'd better retreat are you
kidding we can't let it win I just want
to pull back temporarily I don't think
we should take that thing on till we
have a chance to analyze it and come up
with a plan to blow it away I agree we
have to think this thing through that'll
be a first I'm only trying to use my
head then we might as well give up now
she's right shadow don't worry about him
he's survivor am i right
shadow made it to the battle on space
colony Ark he must be okay let's get
going while we have the chance ice baby
stay we better decide now there's
something big heading this way
it's coming out of warp space
I swore I destroy it but I can't risk
their lives tails get us out of here now
huh god no you're the last one here who
should want to retreat that matter X is
responsible for wiping out everybody you
cared about now's your chance to make
that should pay for the pain and misery
it caused you I can't I want to fight
that thing alone Amy I'm willing to risk
my life to battlenet Rex but not yours
sooner or later we'll have to face it
then there's no time like the present oh
wait I still think it's a long shot but
I'm willing to try let's do it good I'm
glad you see it right away
this means so much to me thank you all
this panel is already
rainbow
you know major
destruction
turning back now ready okay let's go
just give me the word are you ready to
go Chris I'll sit let's go for it
what were they
expand the sheet
so they thinking at heart
but the seeker missiles will guard their
carpet
I'll unleash my entire arsenal against
their
that it breeze made to convince me I
destroyed that but I
ok firing missiles until it's a bravery
all clear that metric saw through our
trick but it didn't realize it was a
double trick let's go jump that matter X
enough of these games I'll fire all my
missiles at once and wipe them out with
one big bag
it's another exit in a real chill god
bless Roy Choi let's get out of here
it's a really bad idea to fire your
weapons when your missile tubes are
clogged up now that you can't fight
anymore your only choices to surrender
it's gonna crash into the blue typhoon
tails better move it
you don't have enough power to get away
in time routing all power to the engines
oh no they won't get away fast enough
the one way to get enough power is to
use the Master Emerald at full force but
only I can do that look out
crush
ah
Oh
should never underestimate that guy but
why wasn't shadow destroyed with dr.
Eggman I like a bad rash you can't get
rid of me